README.md, before:

# HashtagGeneration
The official implementation of the NAACL-HLT 2019 paper "Microblog Hashtag Generation via Encoding Conversation Contexts"

## Data
Due to the copyright issue of TREC 2011 Twitter dataset, we only release the Weibo dataset crawled by our group. To obtain the Twitter dataset, please contact [Yue Wang](https://github.com/yuewang-cuhk).

### Weibo data format
* The dataset is randomly splited into three segments (80% training, 10% validation, 10% testing)
* For each segment (train/valid/test), we have post, its conversation and corresponding hashtags (one line for each instance)
* For multiple hashtags for one post, hashtags are seperated by a semicolon ";" 

## Citation
If you use either the code or data in your paper, please cite our paper:
```
@inproceedings{conf/naacl/yuewang19,
  author    = {Yue Wang and
               Jing Li and
               Irwin King and
               Michael R. Lyu and
               Shuming Shi},
  title     = {Microblog Hashtag Generation via Encoding Conversation Contexts},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of NAACL-HLT},
  year      = {2019}
}
```

Commit message:

add model fig and add link to arxiv paper

README.md, after:

# HashtagGeneration
The official implementation of the NAACL-HLT 2019 oral paper ["Microblog Hashtag Generation via Encoding Conversation Contexts"](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.07584.pdf). This is a joint work with [Tencent AI Lab](https://ai.tencent.com/ailab).

## Data
Due to the copyright issue of TREC 2011 Twitter dataset, we only release the Weibo dataset crawled by [NLP Center at Tencent AI Lab](https://ai.tencent.com/ailab/nlp/). To obtain the Twitter dataset, please contact [Yue Wang](yuewang-cuhk.github.io) or [Jing Li](https://girlgunner.github.io/jingli/).

### Weibo data format
* The dataset is randomly splited into three segments (80% training, 10% validation, 10% testing)
* For each segment (train/valid/test), we have post, its conversation and corresponding hashtags (one line for each instance)
* For multiple hashtags for one post, hashtags are seperated by a semicolon ";" 


## Model
Our model uses a dual encoder to encode the user posts and its replies, followed by a bi-attention to capture their interactions. The extracted feature are further merged and fed into the hashtag decoder. The overall architecture is depicted below:
![alt text](https://github.com/yuewang-cuhk/HashtagGeneration/blob/master/model.png "The overall architecture")

## Code
TBA

## Citation
If you use either the code or data in your paper, please cite our paper:
```
@inproceedings{conf/naacl/yuewang19,
  author    = {Yue Wang and
               Jing Li and
               Irwin King and
               Michael R. Lyu and
               Shuming Shi},
  title     = {Microblog Hashtag Generation via Encoding Conversation Contexts},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of NAACL-HLT},
  year      = {2019}
}
```
